# covered-call-options-finder
Finds calls that offer the higher premiums, which will offer the highest returns on covered calls. In its basic form it web scrapes the prices of all the stocks on the S&P 500, and then looks at each stocks call options. It then gets the strike price nearest to the current stock price, and gets the call price. It then stores the return it offers if a covered call was employed. Then at the end you can query the data frame for stocks that offer the return you want. 

Incoming upates, i will create a UI, which will make it simple for non coders to use. Additionally, currently it does not show the date the option will expire. Some stocks only have month calls, while other have weeklies, so ill add the options dates to the dataframe also. Will allow the user to search all stocks in the Nasdaq, Dow, Russel, SP500, and even every stock has options. 

Incoming fixes, sometimes the dataframe shows that a stock offers a return, which seems extraordinary, but this is usually caused by lack of liquidity in the option. Meaning the bid price and the ask price of the option is really wide, so when the mid price is calculated, it appears as offering a high premium options sellers, but the true market price is not being reflected. Need to filter out options with extremely wide bid-ask offers, as they offer returns that are not legitimate, and two they are usually very hard to get out of you position. Intelstat offered a yield of 10% on its calls, and the stock went up 30%, however the only way i was able to get out of the position was at break even, despite the high increase in the stocks price. This shows the danger of trading options with wide bid-ask prices, and as such they will be filtered out in the future updates of this code. 
